---
layout:     post
title:      "为什么我不再晚睡晚起"
subtitle:   ""
date:       2017-07-08 15:00:00
author:     "LiuShuai"
catalog: true
tags:
    - life
---


“The bird broke free from the egg. The egg is the world. Whoever wants to be born must destroy a world. The bird flew to god, and he was called ablaxas.”
― Hermann Hesse, Demian. Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend

1
When I read Demian: die geschichte von emil sinclairs jugend. I was a sophomore, and when I saw the introduction and evaluation of the book, I almost knew it, and it was a bit late for me to meet this book. After reading the book, many of the contents have already appeared in the heart.

Looking back on my childhood, I didn't think I was a very good kid. At that time our values were distorted. Good grades are good children, bad boys are bad grades. My grades are poor, but I still want to be good children. But I was too fond of learning. So, I couldn't get into the good children's circle, and I didn't want to hang around with bludgers. Six years of primary school did not leave me much memory. All memories are about the fringe relationships I have and the badness of myself and others.

The three years of junior high school is not the most painful three years of my life, but these three years are the three years that I have suffered most. The middle school in my county can be said to be very bad, a class with a maximum of a hundred people, a lot of bludgers, the canteen food can be said like pig feed. However, I didn't even get to the school in the early test. My mother was a smart and discerning man who dared to think and to do it. That summer, she said, since we can't go to the middle school in the county, we go to the middle school in the city. So, throughout the summer, she was supervising my study and preparing for the entrance exam of the city junior high school. My neighbors also think it's a better choice to send their kids to junior high school in the city. So, I took the entrance exam of the city junior high school with my neighbor's child, my childhood friend. As a result, my childhood friend passed the exam. I didn't. But we know there will be another exam. Keep preparing for the exam. The second time, I took the exam with my cousin, my cousin passed the exam, I didn't. Because the students in the city are randomly assigned to the area. Therefore, if the school wants more outstanding students, it is necessary to recruit some outstanding students in the county area. Fortunately, at the end of the summer holiday, the school held its third test. I took part in it myself and finally passed the exam.

But better conditioning didn't make my middle school life better. I was short and thin in junior high school. That's why my mother decided to let me go to the city school, though it was more expensive than the county school. The school was a boarding school, and my nightmare began in my dorm. There were six people in the dormitory, and I was the youngest and very thin. At first, my roommate would let me do some small favors. I just thought it was just helping each other. But when they find out that I have a good temper, if I don't want to help them do something that threatens me or USES violence to make me give in. At first, I told the teacher to tell the school leaders. I got the criticism from education, which gave me more severe punishment. For three years, I gradually became their slave, and anything they were too lazy to do would let me to do it for them. In this class, I met the worst person I've ever seen in my life. B, he's certainly one of the bullies. Even more, sexually assaulted me while I was asleep. I'm not the only victim. The monitor of our class is a girl, who believes in Christ. Treat everyone in a special way. It's also pretty. So, B took advantage of her kindness and often touched her and sexually assaulted her. At last she turned away, and saw her again many years later, and could not see any bright light in her eyes. I don't know why people can be so bad. For three years, I had no friends, and no one was willing to help me when I was bullied. My memories of junior high school are only the bully and the bystanders who look at my jokes. I can clearly remember that one day I was stuck in my dorm. The boys in the class surrounded me, I was beaten to the ground, the world tilted, I saw the narrow room, the people around me, and the contemptuous smile on their faces.

You may think that I lived there for three years is incredible. Why don't I transfer? Why not do something to prevent this from happening. Now it seems to me that it's Incredible. But at that time, it just happened. At that time, I also told my parents about part of these things, but they didn't give me any solutions. They are just ordinary people. Sometimes they can do things and sometimes they don't know what to do.


I often fantasize about the future, dreaming of the role I might become, poet, prophet, painter, and so on. However, these are nothing. The purpose of my existence is not to write poetry, prophecy or painting, nor should anyone's meaning of existence exist. These are just extremities. For everyone, there is only one real duty: to find oneself. His job is to find his own fate - not the fate of others - and then stick to his heart in his heart, wholeheartedly and never stop. All other roads are incomplete and are man's evasion. They are a cowardly return to the general public's ideal. They are drifting and fear of their hearts.
2

From high school, I think my new life is about to start. I did have a good time in my first year in high school. I play basketball. I play well in the school football team. The first two years of high school have grown a lot. But past experience will not disappear, no matter how hard I want to be a normal person, want to and others can really enjoy the time together with friends, some part of me will tell me this is impossible.

My past experience has made me particularly sensitive, and I can easily notice the subtle expression on a person's face and the emotions behind it. I can easily see the badness in one person, including myself. It pains me. I have a lot of "friends", but I never really trusted them, and I didn't tell anyone about my experience. The one who lives like a normal person is just a fake. I live in solitude every day, and every night is hard, because when the stage lights go out, I can only see myself. The weak self in the corner. I can't stop the Repetition Compulsion*. But that doesn't make me change the past. I unconsciously attribute the suffering to "I have a problem". I often blame myself, and I imagine that as long as my problem is solved, the trauma will not come back. But it only makes me more miserable every day.

* Repetition compulsion is a psychological phenomenon in which a person repeats a traumatic event or its circumstances over and over again.

New things and old things, things I like, and I don't like, and heap on me, chaos and can't get rid of. But I never stopped making myself better. The more I see badness in some people, the more I remind myself not to be that person. I have never stopped thinking about the meaning of life. I always believe that there are still good people in this world and beautiful things waiting for me to experience. I have always believed that my life is still long and there are many things could do. What I am proud for my life is that I did something good I needn’t to do and I don’t do something bad I could do.


In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I’ve been turning over in my mind ever since. "Whenever you feel like criticising any one," he told me, "just remember that all the people in this world haven’t had the advantages that you’ve had."
3

On March 28, 2017, on my 21st birthday, the instructor informed the class to have a meeting. I think this is another boring announcement about something. This time, however, it was not. The instructor said that the school got the international exchange program of outstanding undergraduate students in the national scholarship council this year. There are five places in our class and electrical engineering class. The selected students went to a university in the United States to study for one year. The state provided about 120,000 RMB in scholarships, and the school also offered scholarships to more than 20,000 RMB.

When you reach the borderline, the habitual and environmental influences tend to be the strongest. People are afraid of being unfamiliar and returning to their place of origin. But once you overcome your inner fear and head for your head, you may get rid of the old Habit and the shackles of the environment, the real accomplishment of the inner fear to overcome, to the freedom of the world. 

Although, in the second semester of my sophomore year, I felt that I had reached a very good state. Go to the gym regularly. I go to the cinema to see the movies alone. Run outside the school every night by myself. I ride my bike everywhere. But I think that's the only thing my college can do. Studying abroad is full of expectant unknown. My future instantly expands many possibilities. I think I might find the answer there.

The teacher told me the reason why I was chosen at the meeting. “Although his grades are not as good as those of you in this room. He participated in the programming contest many times and won the prize. That's what none of you have.” I have a strong programming ability in the excellent student circles, and I am good at English in the programming circle.

Why only our computer class and electrical engineering class have these five places, because these two majors were approved by the state for the excellent engineer program. This is why our school can get this project. And this is one of the reasons why I chose this school. If I do better in the college entrance exam, I will go to a better school. Even if that school has such opportunities, I might not be able to compete with the students there. Each aspect is vital and indispensable. I'm really lucky. I'm going to study abroad.
